!! Corm Orp

Well met traveller,
You have stumbled upon the fair village of Corm Orp in the great realm of Faerun.   I am Lord of the village, Dundast Hultel, and I welcome you to our hamlet.  Here at  Corm Orp, we are famous for our pottery, produced right here by our humble halfling residents.  Perhaps you've heard of Ilvn Makepeace.  His stout pottery is superior and second to none.  No?  Well be sure to drop in and visit his workshop.  You'll find it marked on our town visitor's map.

You must be tired from your long journey.  May I recommend one of our historical land marks and comfortable Inn - The Travelling Troll.  The proprioriter is Ybic.   He is famous for his cooking.

If there is anything I can do for you whilst you are in Corm Orp please do not hesitate to send me a message and tell me your woes.  But be warned.  We do not tolerate mischief in Corm Orp.

Sincerly, Attach:signature.gif

----

!!! At A Glance

The village of Corm Orp is a flea-speck on the road between Hluthvar and Hill's Edge, with about 22 permanent buildings.  The low hills to the east of the town are dotted with halfling burrows, dominated by a goodly-sized structure emblazoned with the symbol of a butterfly.

----

!!! General Information

This tiny village is known for its large resident population of halfling, who live amicably with the few human inhabitants of the place, despite the fact that the village Lord, Dundast Hultel, is human, as is the village militia.  The latter fact is one that most native halflings, preferring to see someone else fight their battles, are quite comfortable with.

Halfing priests of rank dwell in Corm Orp, making the area a common well-known gathering-spot for the race.  Many halflings converge on the hamlet each Shieldmeet to do business with their follows, trade native goods, and trade tales.

Corm Orp's notable export (other than halflings) is a type of stout pottery.  Made of simple red clay in large, usable forms, the pottery of Corm Orp is in common use throughout the Realms for everyday functions, and is highly thought of.

%thumb%Attach:cormorp.gif%%

||
||'''Population:'''									||521 (Humans and Halflings mostly)	||
||'''Population during Shieldmeet:'''	||1,500												||